1. Do you need these for deep learning?

	Lots of math: F
	Lots of data: F
	Lots of expensive computers: F
	A PhD: F

	[But I'd argue that any and all of these are better to have than none of these for DL]

2. Name five areas where deep learning is now the best in the world.
	
	Computer Vision	[e.g., face recognition]
	NLP 			[e.g., sentiment analysis]
	Game playing	[e.g., Alpha Go]
	Image creation	[e.g., Deepfakes]
	Rec systems		[e.g., Netflix]

3. What was the name of the first device that was based on the principle of the artificial neuron?

	Mark I Perceptron
	[This is a terrible question, because it doesn't aid comprehension and merely tests memory of trivia]

4. Based on the book of the same name, what are the requirements for parallel distributed processing (PDP)?

	1.	A set of processing units	[Perceptrons(?)]
	2.	A state of activation		[]
	3.	An output function			[Weight*Input + Bias (?)]
	4.	A pattern of connectivity	[]
	5.	A propagation rule			[]
	6.	An activation rule			[ReLU, etc. (?)]
	7.	A learning rule				[SGD(?)]
	8.	An operating environment	[]
	
5. What were the two theoretical misunderstandings that held back the field of neural networks?

	1. Single hidden layer sufficiency [actually need at least two, but was technological infeasible until recent decades]
	2. More than two hidden layers is better for most practical applications

6. What is a GPU?

	Graphics Processing Unit [are better at matrix multiplication than CPU because they are designed for that task]

7. Open a notebook and execute a cell containing: 1+1. What happens?

	It prints 2.

8. Why is it hard to use a traditional computer program to recognize images in a photo?

	It is difficult to define rules for classification. We don't even know how we do it.

9. What did Samuel mean by "weight assignment"?

	The weight is the relative importance of a given perceptron's activation in the network.

10. What term do we normally use in deep learning for what Samuel called "weights"?

	Parameters.
	
11. Why is it hard to understand why a deep learning model makes a particular prediction?

	Because the rules are not human-encoded and are instead learned by auto adjustment of weights in the the network.

12. What is the name of the theorem that shows that a neural network can solve any mathematical problem to any level of accuracy?

	The universal approximation theory.

13. What do you need in order to train a model?

	Inputs and weights. [plus a way to update said weights]

14. How could a feedback loop impact the rollout of a predictive policing model?

	It there is bias to begin with and then more arrests and more data are collected based on the previous bias, then the biased data explodes in importance to the model

15. Do we always have to use 224×224-pixel images with the cat recognition model?

	No, but pretrained models often rely on these dimensions historically.

16. What is the difference between classification and regression?

	Classification is for discrete categories
	Regression is for continuous values

17. What is a validation set? What is a test set? Why do we need them?

	Test set is used to train the data; they are the examples from which the model learns
	Validation set is data withheld from training used to test the model's performance

18. What will fastai do if you don't provide a validation set?

	It defaults to 20% of the dataset

19. Can we always use a random sample for a validation set? Why or why not?

	Sometimes it's inappropriate to do so [e.g., time-sensitive data where you are trying to predict future trends, as in the stock market, as opposed to historical trends, as in face recognition]

20. What is overfitting? Provide an example.

	Overfitting is where the model aligns too perfectly to the test data and as a result cannot make accurate, generalized predictions

21. What is a metric? How does it differ from "loss"?

	A metric is a human-readable signal as to the model's performance; whereas, loss helps the model correct itself by knowing how far off it was

22. How can pretrained models help?

	Transfer learning leverages the fact that lots of resources were poured into making a model that's already good at a similar task, and thus the pretrained model will take fewer iterations to fine tune to the new, but related task

23. What is the "head" of a model?

	The head is the final/output layer of the model

24. What kinds of features do the early layers of a CNN find? How about the later layers?

	More general features suchs as gradients and larger line divisions (horizontal, diagonal, etc.)

25. Are image models only useful for photos?

	No, they can be used for many things that can be converted to images [e.g., text -> spectrogram]

26. What is an "architecture"?

	"The general template for how the model works internally"; "The mathematical function" used

27. What is segmentation?

	Classification for each pixel in an image

28. What is y_range used for? When do we need it?

	For regression problems, to specify range of output values

29. What are "hyperparameters"?

	The meta-level decisions about how to affect a model's actual parameters [e.g., learning rate]

30. What's the best way to avoid failures when using AI in an organization?

	Making sure you have a proper test/validation split [i.e., awareness of how to divide them; sometimes random is not the best way to go]